you gentlemen are making a big mistake
this here's mr. Thurgood Marshall man is
an attorney you will treat him with the
respect that he deserves my great
granddaddy he was a slave not slaves now
we've got weapons we didn't have before
we've got the law baby you going to
these council never seen an evil orient
our bark you need to be careful in
double-a-c-p
very good you're born of another kid
Joseph spell Negro servant attack
socialite in our own bedroom the table
show the world a fur collar man could
get a fair trial and you had it faced
there's only 13 million Negroes
depending on him so any of you have any
confidences let's say you have enough
confidence for us all
I only represent innocent people people
accused because of their race that's my
mission
I'll never touch going I need a partner
who the jury to relate to Sam Friedman
good to meet you Sam I give me a hand
with these would you
you got me here's too many guns books
mr. Friedman faith in endemic radon why
God trigati sweep through towns - right
now all kinds of ugliness my life is on
the line here hey Jerry Friedman hold on
it what do you want you know what it was
now Sam cider Devil's Lake he goes
battle clam neither member be telling us
the truth he attached to me I've advised
him to accept the deal you lied in a
sworn statement why would you do that
I doubt that because the truth gets me
cute chained to that meanness
if you wanted freedom habitat on the
missing I have to fight for that
the only way to get to a biggest door
with the break it down
okay